that's four panes 50 please
you are thank you very much thank you
morning ted good morning jim how are you
good morning can i help you yes martha
mckay please
she's the producer that's five eight
nine four what's your name please
julia drake hello
mr drake is at reception yes all right
mrs mckay is in room 12 that's on the
second floor the lift is over there
thank you and what's your address
94 tyndall street how do you spell
tindal
t-i-n-d-a-l thank you
and your postcode
can you repeat that please kt98
and your telephone number oh one three
seven two eight nine five three one
thank you miss faucet goodbye hello i'm
julia welcome to apex tv
come in no don't come in um this is my
personal assistant rebecca bond how do
you do rebecca
pleased to meet you come and meet some
of the people in the newsroom
is frederick in he's the managing
director no he's in london
oh i see right well come on then julia
that's tim barnes over there he's a
reporter tim
this is julia she's our new trainee hi
hi this is a very interesting story
martha look at this
oh tell me about it this afternoon okay
sure see you around julie
julia sorry my name isn't julie it's
julia
oh right and address has got two d's
what
address is a double d right
thank you don't mention it
who's that young woman with martha and
sean her name's julia
she's a new trainee she's very pretty
[Applause]
well that's everyone i think tea or
coffee coffee please
black or white oh white with no sugar
please
you're julia aren't you yes and pleased
to meet you
i'm gary nice to meet you gary what do
you do
um i'm a news reader oh yes
you're gary fenton
you're my mum's favorite news reader who
you are
hello gary this is julia uh yes
i know anyway i must be off
see he's very nice
yes a host of celebrities are expected
from the north
i am home how's your new job
tell me all about it it's great
everyone's very friendly
there are people here from all over the
world no i can't make it today ellie
i haven't got time i have to finish this
program and
ellie ellie
hi tim
good morning julia how nice to see you
martha can you take a look at the diary
for this week now
oh yes all right
well this morning you're on the food
programme
then this afternoon you've got a meeting
with floyd and hank that's at
quarter two then tomorrow you've got an
appointment at the dentists
in the morning at quarter past ten
marvelous
then in the afternoon you've got a
meeting with frederick oh no sorry he
can't make it he has to go to paris
so is tuesday afternoon free now no you
have to finish the video com report
oh hi julia then on wednesday morning
you're at the birmingham conference
martha can i have a word yes tim what is
it i haven't got an assistant for this
afternoon
for the story about carl stalker you
know the windows guide
oh yes well who have we got uh chloe's
away
get us on holiday and everybody else is
busy but i have to have an assistant can
i do it
can i be your assistant tim that's an
idea
she hasn't got the experience martha she
has to learn and there's nobody else
okay see you later
so what's this job about
wonderful windows can you believe it
new windows for just 500 pounds and
who's this guy walker
stalker carl stalker he's the managing
director of wonderful windows
and he's got his customers money but
they haven't got their windows
these are all letters from his customers
we have to leave at 1
30 sharp
[Applause]
jason's in trouble at school again
who's jason he's my son oh
how many children have you got two a son
and a daughter
what's your daughter's name kylie she's
13.
jason's 16. my wife sharon okay julia
now you wait at the corner with one of
these stalker's got a blue jaguar what
does he look like
he's quite tall he's got short dark hair
when you see him call me
[Music]
tim tim here he is
a blue jaguar and oh no
it isn't him it's a woman and it isn't a
jaguar sorry
wait yes he's here
a blue jag registration number s307
abw
[Music]
this is stalker i'm from apex tv can i
ask you some questions no you can't
where is your customer's money mr
stalker i've got nothing to say
mr stalker you and your wife have got a
big house and an expensive car but your
customers have got nothing
where is their money mr stalker look go
away and switch
that thing off where's the money mr
stalker
clear off
you are right sean
right we've got him now
how about a drink oh just a minute
what's the time
it's half past seven excuse me
tim i'm not here
hello hi rebecca it's tim
hi tim um
ellie's not here oh well can you video
the football match for me i can't get
back in time
yes okay thanks rebecca see you later
yes bye tim
ellie
is rebecca still at work no she's at
home so are you and rebecca see you at
the usual place
yeah see you there sorry rebecca and i
oh nothing let's go
so
rebecca von speaking uh good morning
this is uh
angus moon from the modern woman a
magazine
we'd like to do an article on the job of
a personal assistant
martha mckay is an old friend of mine
and she says that you're a wonderful pa
are you busy now can i ask you a few
questions
well yes of course great
first a few questions about you what
time do you get up in the morning
i always get up at seven o'clock i have
a shower and wash my hair
i have breakfast at half past seven then
i get dressed
and uh what do you normally have for
breakfast breakfast
oh i usually have a glass of orange
juice
a grapefruit two slices of toast one
with butter and jam and one with butter
and marmalade
and two cups of coffee you're very
organized
well you have to be for this job and
what do you do in your free time
i go to the gym three times a week on
monday wednesday
and saturday on thursday evening i go to
my dance class
oh do you like dancing yes i do
i like cooking too and i love going to
parties
okay uh rebecca thank you very much
but don't you want to talk about my job
uh well i have got one last
question um do you know a gary fenton
gary yes of course he's one of our news
readers
and he's a very good news reader isn't
he
gary hey it's only a joke rebecca
well i don't think it's funny
now i always come on at the end of the
program and try the food and drinks
that's the next bit is everything ready
i think so
frederick's on the phone martha he's in
new york okay five minutes then julia
five minutes neil
some salt
in the lemonade
and some chili powder
in the soup
hello gary do you want to try it oh no
martha always tries the food and drinks
but um can i uh watch
if you want to ready martha okay
so this is our lunch for a warm summer's
day
a green salad cheese with french bread
cold tomato and onion soup and homemade
lemonade
it's time to try it no
why don't we make a change today here in
the studio today
is everybody's favorite news reader gary
fenton
would you like to try this delicious
meal gary
i bet you can't wait to taste it
here try the homemade lemonade first
isn't that wonderful gary very nice
now what about this soup a
nice cold soup hey gary
come on a big spoonful
well that's it for this week i hope you
enjoy your summer lunch as much as gary
bye
okay what would you like i'll have a
glass of white wine please
me too homemade lemonade for me please
gary
very funny gary just a joke i have a
mineral water i have to dry
ice and lemon yes please oh muscular
ring
two glasses of white wine a mineral
water with ice and lemon
a pint of lard who's ellie tim's
girlfriend
who aren't you tim's girlfriend me no
ellie's my flatmate tim lives upstairs
oh i
see what does she do
she works in a hotel so she works funny
hours
here we are nice cold drinks
[Applause]
a reply
[Music]
morning jim morning ted oh dear you look
tired
what time were you up this morning about
four o'clock
there was an accident at the station
there weren't any trains for five hours
terrible oh hi rebecca hi thanks ted
what's the date today tim what today's
date
what is it um it's the 4th of october
and what do you know about the 4th of
october
it's the day after the 3rd of october
try again tim
think of your girlfriend
oh no it's ellie's birthday but
i haven't got a card or a present or
anything
excuse me oh sorry
good afternoon julia i know i'm sorry
the trains were all late
there was an accident to the station is
martha annoyed well she isn't pleased
this is the second time this week yes
but it wasn't my fault today
and you were late last thursday too
well that's it i must find a flat in
town
[Music]
are there any places in there no there
aren't
what about this second floor flat
bedroom living room small kitchen and
bathroom wc
yes but it's 600 pounds a month i can't
afford that
no i suppose not you could try an
agency i haven't got time ask martha for
some time off this afternoon
oh come on rebecca i was late this
morning remember
well try it martha's got a
teleconference with frederick all
afternoon
a tele conference yes frederick's in
tokyo
oh so martha doesn't need me
so let me see there's the room and the
kitchen
and the bathroom and the toilet are in
the halls yes that's right
you share them with the people upstairs
they're very nice people
and how much is it mr jackson it's only
65 pounds a week
so are you interested yes definitely
the people upstairs ah yes
[Music]
reception any luck no
there isn't anything everything's too
far away too expensive
too noisy or just grotty
never mind look come to my place for a
drink it's a sort of surprise for
ellie's birthday
okay
[Music]
back in a minute
this is a nice place rebecca yes i like
it
this is ellie's room we've got this
living room a kitchen
and the bathroom's down the hall next to
my bedroom
where do you live gary i've got a flat
just around the corner
gary's got a lovely place it's on the
top floor and it's got a great view
tea everyone there's a message on your
aunt's phone
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you
happy birthday dear ellie happy birthday
to you
see you later love you bye love you
bye you old romantic well i think it's
very sweet tim
hi rebecca it's me everybody it's ellie
hi rebecca it's me ellie
this is just to say goodbye i'm really
sorry about this but i've got a job in a
hotel in san francisco and so
well uh the rent for this month is on
the dressing table in my room
there's a letter for tim there too can
you give it to him please
so that's it bye
take care
oh dear poor tim but it was very strange
i mean she wasn't here last night and
then she wasn't here this morning
look on the bright side you need a new
flat mate now julia needs a room
so gary it's all right julia gary's
right
the room is yours if you want it well
really
yes really oh thank you
that's great it's wonderful
oh tim sorry
[Music]
[Applause]
i'm sorry i'm late tim i had to go to
the police station about kylie and jason
not now sean we need to go in five
minutes
what's the matter with him today it's
ellie ellie
she's gone gone to the states
to the states she left yesterday
you see yesterday was ellie's birthday
tim gary julia and i went back to my
place for a birthday drink for ellie
ellie wasn't there but there was a
message from her on the answer phone
she said that she had a new job in san
francisco
and well goodbye
what did tim do he just walked out of
the flat he didn't say a word
it was all very sad and well
embarrassing we didn't know what to do
no wonder he's in a bad mood but it's
not all bad news
because julia's my new flatmate now come
on sean
have a little day have a nice day
[Music]
it's a lot cup of tea mr drake um no
thank you rebecca i'd better be off now
thanks dad ah i don't mention it that
bye bye bye bye rebecca
welcome to wellington gardens i still
can't believe it
why don't we have a party a sort of
welcome to julia thing
oh yes great idea when
next friday we can invite some of the
neighbors and
everyone from work everyone even
frederick don't worry he's in south
africa for the rest of the week so who
can we invite
[Music]
what's this it's an invitation to our
party a party eh
what is it it's next friday the 18th tim
here great i like parties we can't come
but we've got that programme to finish
can't we do it another time as julius
no
oh well
hi tim it's party time no it isn't
[Music]
okay i think we can take a look at that
now
last year richard bennett gave up his
job in a london bank
and decided to walk to the south pole
why did you give up your job richard
well i didn't like my job and i had a
lot of problems at home
i just wanted to get away from it all
i wanted to find myself if you like so
you left england in august
what did you do first i flew to buenos
aires in argentina
from there i traveled to the antarctic
by boat when did you actually start your
journey to the pole
well i had to wait for a few weeks
because the weather was very bad
so i didn't set off until the end of
september did anyone go with you
no i was on my own and did you reach the
south pole
no i didn't after about
300 kilometers i fell into a huge
crevasse
you know a big hole about
10 meters deep were you hurt
yes i broke my arm i couldn't climb out
what did you do well fortunately my
sledge fell into the hole with me
so i had food and i had my radio too
and i called for help how long were you
there before they found you
five days there was a bad storm you see
i thought it was the end but then
suddenly i heard voices and dogs
i shouted and shouted and faces appeared
above me
what did you think about while you were
in the crevasse
i thought about my life back in england
and the funny thing was that all my
problems at home
and at work weren't important anymore
i just wanted to be with my family and
friends again
life's very short you know you have to
enjoy it while you can
thank you very much can i just look at
that last part again
i thought about my life back in england
and the funny thing was that all my
problems at home
and at work weren't important anymore
i just wanted to be with my family and
friends again
life's very short you know you have to
enjoy it while you can
thank you very much
yeah that's fine do you want a cup of
coffee
tim sorry what did you say
would you like a coffee
no thanks sean we've got a party to go
to
what do you think rebecca skirt
or the trousers i can't afford both
i don't know how much are they the
skirts 28 pounds 50
the trousers are a bit more expensive
but not much
look there's gary
where there he's going into the men's
department i suppose he's buying some
new clothes for his interview with that
magazine
oh yes what did he say the readers of
stars and style magazine voted me the
best dressed news reader on tv
let's see what he's buying
hi gary what are you doing i'm looking
for a shirt and a tie to go with my
new suit are they for your interview
oh do you know about that oh come on
gary everybody knows
you mention it at least 10 times a day
excuse me can i try these on please sure
the changing rooms are over there
thank you how many shirts are you taking
only the best is good enough for the
best dressed news reader
[Music]
hi tim
okay gary what's in the bags oh these oh
it's my new
suit and things from my interview about
the best news reader
yes we know armani eh
but that cost a bit well if it's good
the price doesn't matter
did you hear that yes he's even worse
than usual
somebody should do something about him
when is this interview anyway
straight after the six o'clock news
[Music]
i
please five minutes
[Music]
oh there you are gary why are you so
late
good evening this is gary fenton with
the six o'clock news
gary your visitors
charlotte mortimer from stars and style
magazine pleased to meet you mr fenton
or may i call you gary of course
now can we take some photographs first
oh no we always see you at your desk
gary
well i feel more comfortable here
but i'm sure all our readers want to
know if you've got any legs
i'd really prefer to be at my desk
come on now gary don't be shy all right
what are you wearing
uh well perhaps the desk is better
[Laughter]
what's happening the report is
interviewing gary and gary always enjoys
interviews well he isn't enjoying this
one
i think we should give his trousers back
now why
all right
so when did you start doing that well a
couple of years ago
sorry to interrupt but we found these
gary
excuse me
so
photograph
[Music]
come on gary cheer up the magazine got
photos of you in your new suit in the
end
but you looked so funny in those baggy
old trousers
where did you get them anyway they were
shawns
oh no sean
[Music]
so what are we going to do at this
school
tim's going to interview one of the
teachers she's won the lottery twice
i've never won the lottery in fact i've
never won anything
is everything okay sure let's go
oh tim are you all right yes
i'm fine i've just got stomach ache
that's all you can't work like this you
should be at home in bed
look i've never missed a day's work in
my life and i'm not going to start now
anyway he's going to do the interview if
i'm not there me
have you ever done an interview before
no i haven't but i've watched you
several times
and shawn's here he's filmed hundreds of
interviews oh it's okay
i can oh give me your car keys i'm going
to take you straight to the doctor
hi how are you hi julia
did you get the interview all right yes
everything was fine but what about you i
feel a bit sore
i took my appendix out yesterday
afternoon i know i came to see but
you're asleep
i was with rebecca
i've never been in hospital before how
long are you going to be in here
i can go home tomorrow and the doctor
says i can go back to work next week if
i want to
tim don't you ever stop
hi gary
hello julia appendicitis eh
ah no i suppose you can't eat anything
at the moment julia
no thanks i've had appendicitis
you know have you julia very painful
now when did i have it hi yes i was at
school
must be oh 20 years ago
hello tim what did the doctor say all
clear
the best thing is i can eat normally
again good
um julia i um
i wanted to say thank you for all your
help when
you know and well um
would you like to go out for a meal
sometime just to
you know say thank you yes i'd love to
should we try that new italian place
near the museum hmm
that would be nice when
is this evening any good for you yes
it's fine
great so i call for you about eight i'm
going to be in town anyway
so can we meet at the restaurant at say
half past seven
okay
tim barnes hi pete
[Music]
this is good i love italian food have
you ever been to italy
i lived there for a couple of years
really it was after i left university
i worked in a travel company you know
looking after groups of british tourists
did you enjoy it yeah it was great fun i
like travelling
what about you i've traveled around a
bit
mostly in asia and south america but
i've never actually lived in another
country
um you've got some sauce on your cheek
have i where hi you too
hello gary can i join you i'm having
dinner here too
but my friends aren't here you've um got
a bit of sauce on your cheek julia
thank you gary i can do it
that was a really good meal i enjoyed it
yeah me too
until gary arrived yes
um well i've got an early start tomorrow
yes so
yeah good night good night see you
tomorrow
tim yes i can't find my keys i think
i've left them at work
oh isn't rebecca in i don't know
probably not oh dear
oh hi hi tim i heard voices i'm just on
the phone to my sister so i'll see you
in a minute
still locked out
yes
[Music]
[Applause]
number one
n o w this is pronounced
now you know now right right now
at present now
but this one
this is not the now or now
it is no no
no it's just like i don't know no
is uh that you have information about
something
no so remember now
no but this one
this is the noun of no no is the verb
and knowledge is the noun now is just
like the information
the skills or the understanding that you
have
through learning or studying now
number two
this is office i think
a lot of people know this one office
office is a place um
it's actually a room or a building where
people work you know usually a person
with their own desk chair and computer
office remember c
e at the end we pronounce
office office but this one
a lot of people pronounce official
or office show is not official
yeah this is the adjective or the nail
of
office but this is office
this is not official it is
a fish shop a fish show
see the same office right the difference
here is e and i a
l but office official
now number three we have
nature uh
you know nature right nature can be
plants or
animals but here nature i means i use
here to talk about
character number four
refer a lot of you know this one right
prefer remember this is
per consonant cluster per
prefer prefer
refer is just like like or enjoy
if you prefer something that means
you like that thing better
than the other thing or something else
prefer but
the now prefer is the verb
here is the noun don't think this is
prefer so this is reference
is not preference is preference
preference we have two consonant
clusters here
so preference
preference number five
compete compete
if you compete with somebody or
against somebody that means you are
trying your best to
do better or to be more successful than
that person
compete come
this is compete
and here is the now of
compete competition
not competition okay are not
competition it's competition
competition is
a situation an event
or maybe a contest
for you to compete against somebody